Do not expose EC2 instances to the internet in real time / Dont assign Public IP to EC2 instances
in real time. If necessary yes. 

While launching the EC2 instance, 2 Network interfaces can be attached.
Network Interface 1 - Device 0 - Private IP
Network Interface 2 - Device 1 - Public IP

1 EC2 instance can have multiple Private IP's like Primary and Secondary 

An Elastic Fabric Adapter is a network device that you can attach to your instances to reduce 
latency and increase throughput for distributed High Performance Computing (HPC) 
and Machine Learning (ML) applications.

This EFA is not for all instance types.

ENA Express TCP and ENA Express UDP is for increasing the network performance.

If you assign Network Interface 2 for Private IP, you cannot assign Public IP anymore to the EC2 instance

Nitro Enclave : A Nitro Enclave is a trusted execution environment (TEE) 
in which you can securely process sensitive data.

Nitro Enclaves are not compatible with instance types that have less than 2 vCPUs.


If the Public IP address of the EC2 instance changes, Public DNS will also Change.

To edit your instance's user data you first need to stop your instance.

Any changes in the SG will be affected immediately

It is possible to attach/detach a IAM ROLE while EC2 is running.

It is not possible to Edit the Launch Template, create a new version or create a new LT.

LT contains only configurations not volume data, if you need data go for snapshot or AMI

If you reboot the EC2 instance, Instance status will not change. It will be in running state only.

IMAGES
==========

While creating a image, it includes volumes also.

While Creating a image, volumes can be modified (size).

If EC2 instance is NOT Encrypted(volume), image is not Encrypted

While Creating a image, we can add EBS and ISV Volumes(max 24) with size of 80GB each fixed.

While Creating a image, addtional volumes can be Encrypted

ISV volumes cannot be Encrypted

During the image creation process, Amazon EC2 creates a snapshot of each of the volumes.

You can deprecate an AMI to indicate that it is out of date and should not be used. You can also specify a future deprecation date for an AMI, indicating when the AMI will be out of date.

We can disable the AMI also.

+
launch template contains only confoigurations
AMI contains entire instance data

launch templates cannot be edited, we can create versions out of it

If the public IP changes for the EC2 instance, Public DNS also changes

Launch more like this will help you to launch EC2 instance with the same confogurations imemdiately 






Access logs
Access logs deliver detailed logs of all requests made to your Elastic Load Balancer.

Connection logs
Connection logs deliver detailed logs of all connections made to your Elastic Load Balancer

Deregistration delay (draining interval)
The time to wait for in-flight requests to complete while deregistering a target. During this time, the state of the target is draining.

Slow start duration
Slow start duration is used to specify a period of time where newly registered targets are placed in slow start mode and receive a lower number of requests, giving them time to ramp up. When the slow start duration expires, the load balancer can send the target a full share of requests.

How to Generate HTTPS Certificates

Go have HTTPS Certificate, go to ACM
To have ACM Certificate, we need to have a Domain Purchase from R53
Go to ACM --> Click on Request Certificate 
--> Provide FQDN (Domain Name) which you have purchased in R53
--> Click on Create Records in R53
--> use this certificate for the load balancer with HTTPS(ACM)










