25-11-2024
----------

Login to the ROOT account --> Do the Tour first on Console Home -->  Navigate to IAM service

1. Create Alias , bookmark it IAM user sign-in Link .
2. Create your own IAM user with admin policy attached
3. Setup MFA for the IAM user that you have created(yourownname)
4. Setup MFA for Root account
**** Signout from root account and login as IAM user that you have just created. From now onwards
     always login with IAM user with that bookmarked IAM signlink
5. Create another sample IAM user(testuser1)
6. Attach/add and detach/remove policies for sample IAM user testuser1(not your main IAM user)
    --> attach 11 managed policy to the IAM user and see max how many you can attach to IAM user and GROUP also
7. Create 2 groups and attach users to the groups. Remove users from the group
8. Try to disable console access to the test IAM user and try to login with that disabled IAM user(see what message you get)
9. Reset the IAM user password and try to login with the reseted password
10. Create Access key and Secret Keys for the test IAM user
11. Make the Keys Deactive.
12. Delete the KEYS.
13. See Groups Last Accessed and IAM Last Accessed
14. Delete the sample IAM Users not yours(dont delete your own iam user)

26-11-2024
----------
14: Create a role and assign permissions (3 scenarios - EC2, Lambda, Switch Role )
15. Create a Inline policy
16. Create 2 IAM Users(test1 and test2)
    --> Test1 assign IAMFULLPERMISSIONS
    --> TEST2 assing IAMREADONLYACCESS
Logout and login with test1 and verify IAM permissions
Logout and login with test2 and verify IAM permissions

17. Create IAM Users(test3 )
      This user should able to only create users,list users,Get users, create group, list group, update user, update group
    --> Test Test3 custom policy(the one which you just created)

Logout and login with test3 and verify permissions what test3 can do or cannot do

Switch Roles (account id) : Create a test IAM USer in your friends account using switch role (while creating role, attach IAM permissions)

Create Analyzer(External and Unused) and Delete it

Organizations task

Practice IAM Policies

https://medium.com/tensult/aws-policies-with-examples-8340661d35e9